
=To the referee=
Cosmological simulation
1. The authors used outdate cosmological parameters from Spergel et al. (2007). Those from the CMB Planck mission (arXiv150201589; Planck Collaboration; Ade, et al. Planck 2015 results. XIII. Cosmological parameters) are improved and should be used instead.
Namely, Omega_m = 0.315 with Omega_B = 0.049, Omega_lambda = 0.685 and sigma_8 = 0.882 with h = 0.68. The authors should analyze the potential impact of these parameters on their calculation.


   A:  ** TENTATIVE **
       Cosmological parameters enter into our results principally insofar as they select the relative probability of different
       evolutionary trajectories like the fiducial examples shown here.   Therefore, as a demonstration and proof of
       concept, our calculation should not depend significantly on the choice of precise cosmological parameters: far
       more variance exists between galaxies within a given cosmological realization.    
         That said, more recent simulations by the Gasoline group and others adopt more modern cosmological parameters.  
       Future work will apply this framework to a broader and more representative sample of galaixes.

       A: (JB)  Cosmological parameters such as Omega_x, sigma_8, and h affect the statistical evolution of populations of halos and their evolution.  Different parameters will result in changes in a simulated uniform cosmological volume.  We select halos for zoom-in simulations based on specific criteria such as mass and merger histories.  Since we focus on a small number of specific galaxies, the large-scale statistical differences caused by different cosmological parameters will only affect our results in a negligible way.   That said, more recent simulations by our group and others adopt more modern cosmological parameters.  Future work will apply this framework to a broader and more representative sample of galaixes.  We have added a footnote in the paper with regard to cosmological parameter seleciton.


Chemical evolution
2. The authors follow the Weaver and Woosley (1993) prescription for metal enrichment from SNII. More details must be given regarding this
important part of their calculation, in particular since the metallicity has a major impact on the predicted compact merger rate. 
Also, the more complete study (Woosley and Weaver 1995, WW95, ApJSup, 101, 181) would be more appropriate. Specifically,
in this paper WW95 give yields for different SNII as a function of the initial metallicity of massive stars, which is
not considered in the present study.
The authors should give more details regarding their metallicity calculation, including the respective roles of
SNII/SNIa, potential Pop III star evolution, IMF sensitivity, etc … and include the followed references (and references
therein) for more developed discussion: 
- Metallicity-constrained merger rates of binary black holes and the stochastic gravitational wave background  Dvorkin et al. 2016, MNRAS, 461, 3877.
- Gravitational waves from the remnants of the first stars  Hartwig et al. 2016, 460, L74
- The origin of dispersion in DLA metallicities     Dvorkin et al 2015, MNRAS, 452, L36

The referee has helped us discover a citation error - we do in fact follow the Woosley and Weaver (1995) metal enrichment prescription, not 1993.  We have corrected the citation in the paper.  

   A: We have expanded our discussion of how we generate and evolve the metal distribution of the universe.
        Given both  the simple metallicity dependence incorporated in our parameterized binary 
        evolution and the fixed cost of our simulations (inherited and reused across many prior works) 
        we continue to use WW93 yields, as a reasonably representative estimate for cosmological and galactic chemical
        evolution.  At the level of accuracy we require (i.e., bulk chemical evolution accurate to tens of percent; no
        individual isotope tracking; inconsistent application of low-Z wind models to binary populations and isolated stars;
        using individual galaxy representatives), this model sufficies to characterize reprocessing from moderate-mass
        stars reasonably close to solar metallicity.  (Our results do not depend too sensitively on the lowest
        metallicity stars.)  However, to more accurately and self-consistently characterize the
        impact of the first few generations of very low metallicity stars on compact binary populations,  we will revise our chemical evolution model in subsequent work.
  


Moreover, It would be interesting to consider the recent papers "Coevolution of metallicity and star formation in
galaxies to z=3.7", Hunt et al. arXiv, 1608.05417 and arXiv1608.05418 which compile 1000 galaxies (0 < z < 4) with two
orders of magnitude in metallicity range, a factor of 10^6 in SFR, and a factor of 10^5 in stellar mass. they find the
correlation 12+log(O/H) = -0.14 log (SFR) + 0.37 log (M*) + 4.82. The authors could compare and discuss their
calculation regarding these results. 

   A: Our narrow study, using only a handful of representative galaxies, is not well-suited to calibrating or validating
      mass-metallicity or mass-metallicity-SFR relationships.  That said, our galaxies ARE [JILLIAN CHECKME] consistent
      with the mass-metallicity-SFR relationship described here, on averarage, throughout their evolution.

      The anticorrelation between SFR and metallicity does indeed provide a natural explanation for our results.


Compact object binary rates
3. Concerning the compact object binary rates, the authors give in their table 1 results of their simulations for three
different types of binaries. Is it possible to get an idea about the typical deviation correlated to the metallicity one
?

    A:  If the referee is asking whether we have a simple estimate for how much the compact object binary
    population and merger rate changes as the metallicity distribution and history changes.  we have included an
    order-of-magnitude discussion a the start of section 4.  Unfortunately, the  correlation between present-day
    population, SFR and Z history, and the present-day  compact binary population is  complicated.  Because of the SFR-M-Z
    relationship, not all galaxy SFR and Z  evolution paths can be realized as a galaxy grows.  Moreover, different
    types of binaries depend more or less sensitively on low metallicity environments.
      That said, our results for the binary neutron star case should be considered as characteristic for how sensitively
    the compact binary population depends on the galaxy's assembly history.

   If the referee is asking how sensitively our results depend on our appromximations -- that is, the systematic error
   due to adopting a approximate treatment of metallicity evolution -- then we refer the referee to the answer to #2 above.


4. Please check and update references, particularly:
Guetta and Piran 2007, JCAP 07, 003
O'Shaughnessy et al 2008b, CQGra29, 5011
Dominik et al 2015 (and not 2014) ApJ, 806, 263
Define BD2010 (probably Belczynski Dominik et al 2010b ?)
The LIGO Coll. 2016a, ref missing
….

   A: We have reviewed and updated the references.


From skype 9/2:

The referee seems to be asking whether we have a simple estimate for
    how much the compact object binary population and merger rate
    changes as the metallicity distribution and history changes.
    
A: If the referee is asking whether we have a simple estimate for how
    much the compact object binary population and merger rate changes
    as the metallicity distribution and history changes.  we have
    included an order-of-magnitude discussion a the start of section
    4.  Unfortunately, the correlation between present-day population,
    SFR and Z history, and the specific compact binary is complicated.
    Because of the SFR-M-Z relationship, not all galaxy SFR and Z
    evolution paths can be realized as a galaxy grows.  Moreover,
    different types of binaries depend more or less sensitively on low
    metallicity environments.  That said, our results for the binary
    neutron star case should be considered as characteristic for how
    sensitively the compact binary population depends on the galaxy's
    assembly history.

If the referee is asking how sensitively our results depend on our
   appromximations -- that is, the systematic error due to adopting a
   approximate treatment of metallicity evolution -- then we refer the
   referee to the answer to #2 above.
